Adding an automatic redirection when editing product slug (#16)
Setono/SyliusRedirectPlugin: README.md

A second security is to prevent same source redirection leading to inconstant redirect.

### Automatic redirect

There is a built-in automatism that allows you to automatically create a redirection when changing product slug.

> It also handles the case where it would create an infinite loop and remove the unecessary redirect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also handles the case where it would create an infinite loop and remove the unnecessary redirect.
```

Ie: having a slug like `/products/a`, renaming it into `/products/b` then renaming it to `/products/a` will result in a redirect from `b` to `a` and will automatically delete the one from `a` to `b`.

### Points of improvements 

> The same mechanism could be done for taxon slug, and obviously for any other resource that has a slug. Feel free to submit a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same mechanism could be made for taxon slugs, and obviously for any other resource that has a slug. Feel free to submit a PR.
```
